Add possible errors info to JSON RPC methods (#811)
near/docs: docs/api/rpc/transactions.md

![NEAR-Explorer-transactionHash](/docs/assets/NEAR-Explorer-transactionHash.png)

#### What could go wrong?

When API request fails, RPC server returns a structured error response with a limited number of well-defined error variants, so client code can exhaustively handle all the possible error cases. Our JSON-RPC errors follow [verror](https://github.com/joyent/node-verror) convention for structuring the error response:

```json
{
    "error": {
        "name": <ERROR_TYPE>,
        "cause": {
            "info": {..},
            "name": <ERROR_CAUSE>
        },
        "code": -32000,
        "data": String,
        "message": "Server error",
    },
    "id": "dontcare",
    "jsonrpc": "2.0"
}
```

> **Heads up**
>
> The fields `code`, `data`, and `message` in the structure above are considered legacy ones and might be deprecated in the future. Please, don't rely on them.

> Here is the exhaustive list of the error variants that can be returned by `chunk` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the exhaustive list of the error variants that can be returned by `broadcast_tx_async` method:
```

Please, check the rest.

</p>
</details>

#### What could go wrong?

When API request fails, RPC server returns a structured error response with a limited number of well-defined error variants, so client code can exhaustively handle all the possible error cases. Our JSON-RPC errors follow [verror](https://github.com/joyent/node-verror) convention for structuring the error response:

```json
{
    "error": {
        "name": <ERROR_TYPE>,
        "cause": {
            "info": {..},
            "name": <ERROR_CAUSE>
        },
        "code": -32000,
        "data": String,
        "message": "Server error",
    },
    "id": "dontcare",
    "jsonrpc": "2.0"
}
```

> **Heads up**
>
> The fields `code`, `data`, and `message` in the structure above are considered legacy ones and might be deprecated in the future. Please, don't rely on them.

> Here is the exhaustive list of the error variants that can be returned by `chunk` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the exhaustive list of the error variants that can be returned by `broadcast_tx_commit` method:
```

<table class="custom-stripe">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>
        ERROR_TYPE<br />
        <code>error.name</code>
      </th>
      <th>ERROR_CAUSE<br /><code>error.cause.name</code></th>
      <th>Reason</th>
      <th>Solution</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>

>       <td rowspan="3">HANDLER_ERROR</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td rowspan="2">HANDLER_ERROR</td>
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/304265/130052415-70042ad5-74a5-4e97-a347-eddeb4bd6158.png)
